remove aria-disabled prop from Button and set appropriate disabled at… (#1102)
primer/brand: .changeset/warm-meals-learn.md

---
'@primer/react-brand': patch
---

> The `Button` component now automatically applies the appropriate disabled attribute (`disabled` for button elements, `aria-disabled` for other elements) based on the rendered element type.

Reviewer: Something I didn't spot earlier, is that we may want to clarify the downstream impact here. 

I think we recommend that users review usage of Button, and any dependencies on attributes being set in the markup. E.g. if they were targetting a[disabled] before, they should now target a[aria-disabled]. Does this make sense @joshfarrant, or am I overthinking this?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Button` component now automatically applies the correct disabled attributes based on the rendered element type. E.g. `disabled` for button elements and `aria-disabled` for other elements.

⚠️ Please review usage of `Button` to ensure that you are not relying on the previously incorrect markup in your application code or tests. For example, if you previously targeted a[disabled], you should now target a[aria-disabled] instead. 
```

Author: That's a good warning to add, thanks @rezrah
